[Music]
yes yes yes yes
walk of the muses bow my friend
the chance comes on the ground like a
dead bird of the soul is pale one
withered red rose the mood only one
Decal is unfamiliar he always does
more violent will hit the soon
distances you are the luck in violence
no soul is homeless without residence
Decides also fierce islands of
high happiness so become a spoon
position on the coal stove and a man with
fun tells the stories in big
steps
but those with
front she meets a forgotten
umbilical cord is torn off and through
the needle went right through the
umbilical black red white girl
It died the thorns of fast shooting
in one color but through the bene
100 red roses the poor should
in search of the not look away
as long as the sun is you nothing more
the world could only exist like that
really
Nevertheless I am looking for the one I am planning
dollar in this hole that is little too
eat
the world costs us misunderstandings
look for the light
black holes eat matter
swallow light promise short
way shortages of logistics but the
walk through the wormhole to the light planet
is tight when you realize that the shoulder
not through the funnel they go
evade displace the problems
crisis cold and already the soul and
We can ship this rock lucky there
do not grab like starter and rich
Arrangements swing through the air
be energetic
not to calculate it says the
Drugs promise the clouds after all
stay until guilty black and white means
cold hochtief good bad part celebrated
darkened before
we submit to the graphic space and
find there no longer artificial search
after flight over expenses I 'll click
courage also trusts Jesus and take
the consequences of this life-world agree
How is I looking for the me
planet
so let the sun
could the band
consist
This is
looking for the light space
this is likely
nothing more
how could the world and only so
misunderstand
the bosom
[Music]
[Applause]
on
[Music]